Congratulations to the host for getting 500,000 reward
Trigger the newbie spree
Valkyrie Heritage
Whether folk inheritance accepts inheritance acceptance
The transfer was successful?
He really has 5 million
I'm not dreaming.
Ouch, why are you pinching me?
This body is also a working boy stinky dick
How could there be so much money?
Doctor, I can't take this money
Captain Zhang, take it as if I lent it to you.
Isn't it for you?
OK
Haha pay
It's a little early for you to be happy
Now.
5 million not enough. What do you mean?
Jiang Yifei, you forgot
Director Li is my uncle
Do you really think he can take it out?
Can save your dad
I put the word out today
Trying to save my dad
Pit to hotel
Scum bullies
Tell you I'm here today
Dead heart
Don't hit me, you said get someone to kill him
Come Li Shao
Li Shuang worked hard
I apologize to you
I'm sorry, but it's none of my business
Captain Jiang doesn't need to give in to them.
I'd like to see it today
What kind of bully are they?
Dean Zhu
I want to pay 1 billion to buy your hospital